I won't let you know some of the
expectations and what you can expect
from me as a tutor you can expect that I
will be here every two to ten thirsty
because our scheduled time is Tuesday
Thursdays and so we'll meet for our hour
every Tuesday and Thursday and so I will
be here and if I'm not going to be here
I'll contact you the numbers that we
have here those numbers still create oh
yes they are
okay good so I can get a hold of you and
likewise if you if there's some
unforeseen circumstance where you can't
make it to tutoring then you can call
and let us know how do you avoid
spelling where I can reach you yes we
sure do and I'll supply that at the end
of the tutor to say okay because I don't
know it right now
also I need to we you know kind of
mentioned some of this but the tutoring
program the way it works is that the
students you will receive tutoring free
but I get paid by the school right and
so they need some way to document this
type of work and so one of the things is
a tutor contract I've mentioned a couple
of things already that are involved in
the tutor of student contract and this
is just something to let you see what
expectations are of you and me so that
we can really be effective in your two
and get you done and you'll just need to
initial by each one of these this first
thing that just says and we're going to
meet the same day and time each week so
our times on Tuesdays and Thursdays at
11:00 okay so that way you know when to
be here I don't want to be here and
again if you can't make it you know but
then this next statement says that we're
going to have 24 hours in advance so you
need to notify me if possible 24 hours
in advance of any kind of lateness or
that you can't make it here explains
that if there's three unexcused absences
you'll be dropped from the tutoring
program now what this does is this
protects other students from not getting
tutoring so if students aren't showing
showing up then the school happens to
pay me to just stand around and nobody
wants to do that and there are plenty of
people just eager to be tutored and will
show up so this is just a way to make
sure that everyone shows up for the
sessions and that the money is well
spent here it's as a punctuality is
required and of course everyone might be
late here and there because of traffic
but for the majority of the time you're
expected to be punctual so we start at
11:00 so I expect you to be here and be
on time and that goes for me also I need
to be here be prepared be ready for you
I don't mean to be waiting with other
students making you late because it's
your time that should be no problem out
of class for now okay great this next
statement we've already talked about do
your homework have tried the homework so
you know what what you're having trouble
is so we can really
okay this big statement is similar it
says come prepared you need to bring any
class notes or documentation something
that says that I'm struggling in these
areas you can either marketing a book
under those or or if you take take notes
in class you might whispers nothing and
here bring your books obviously your
party bringing your books people don't
write them both
strange but true it happens from time to
time so just make sure you bring the
materials that you're going to need to
cover the topic that we're doing that
day so if you need a graphing calculator
be sure and bring one this states where
our tutoring sessions will take place we
have a tutoring center provided here so
all our coding will be at the tutoring
center here on campus okay so in other
words you and I don't get together and
say hey let's go to the nearest bar and
study this is the study of differential
equations okay as last is just a
statement that you understand your
responsibilities as a student or to TD
as their call to induct and this
signature just says that you understand
all that you've read previously okay you
agree to those things great and with all
the paperwork out of the way we can
actually
and some serious theory what do you need
help with endemic what do you spell well
today of I've had one class without the
syllabus and we've got a certain chapter
velocity to know when your differential
equations would be for starting on the
day
okay great now those are too bad let's
kind of talk about it in general and
then we'll see where you are actually
kind of getting stuck what happened
so today we will talk about linear we
have about a little over half an hour
left and we kind of asked